GFX
------

Grey makes colors stand out.

------

FIRST RULE OF SUPER KNIGHT:
  DO NOT RELEASE EARLY OUT OF BOREDOM OR BURNOUT! THIS DESTROYS ALL THE WORK!
    Core gameplay is FUN. DO NOT GIVE UP, POSTPONE!
  DO IT AS A HOBBY, RELAX!!! DO NOT RELEASE OMG OMG OMG

UNLOCK info after round
 list of not unlocked: { action<bool>, name }
 loop list, SHOW!

title page swag
SWAG!!! more satisfying kills in the beginning? other has nice skellie die sound, satisfying

->>
HORIZONTAL weapon to make positioning interesting?
UNLOCK: 8 min or so, super knife fan damage? something that sounds like you want it, not so cheap.
STAR WARS intro.

more fitting menus

BUG:

cannot hear saw?
  no enemies showing up at 00:00 (had correct color) maybe after restart, not through menu?
  NO COLOR change at 00:00 (but had enemies I think)
  such related, much wow

Cutter Comet should be unlock

CAM: 8.4

left:  -12,5
right:  12,5
top:     8,0
bottom: -8,0

 PITCH OF pickup xp increases

 +experience upgrade

  ICONS on choices would help A LOT! Machinegun, orc, explosion for dam or dead ogre? green ogre for poison



------------------ FOH FOH FOH ------------------


Kyougou:

Not related but a pierce mod would make range on knives a much more desirable stat.
An alternative to the fan of knives could be a chain effect? Where the knife jumps to the nearest enemy and then you could have more chains for this effect vs more pierce for the fan effect.


Edaw:

Burst of frost/dagger storm is what trivializes things once you get a few upgrades. Then any combination of haste, defense, heal (i tend to take the duck heal instead of regen) will make things easy provided you keep an eye on casters. I tend to bum rush them to freeze them. The axe and saw are just gravy, so I only upgrade them when nothing better presents itself. I wasn't impressed with darkness, poison, or lightsaber penguin, so never chose them. I don't have good replacement suggestions but will give it some thought.

The only real threat I find is from casters. Change those fireballs to snowballs, increase fire rate (1.5 maybe), and make them immune to frost (for lore reasons).

Caliane:

Path of exile handles crits well. (it does also have the crit/crit damage problem) but it also smartlydid something else. Crits apply ailments. freeze, burn, shock, stun.
That would work great here imho. If crits applied a stun, pushback, or bleed effect for example. its way more interesting then just double dipping damage scaling.


